### V0.4 Product

Functionality expectations: This version should have decent implementations of all major features you intend to release, although some finer tweaks may be missing and not completely stable.

==**Dogfood your product** and find ways to improve it.== Remember to keep the dogfooding version of the app (i.e. the jar file) in a separate folder as evidence of dogfooding. i.e. Don't use the IDE for dogfooding (Dogfooding is an acceptance test; it should be done in the user environment)

**Mark your code** with special tag `@@author` so that we can extract code written by each of you using the collate tool (for evaluation purposes). After that, Use the collate tool to extract individual code and look through the generated **.md** files to ensure all your code has been extracted correctly. ==Push the *.md files created to a folder called /collated== in your repo. More instructions below.

**Extract your code for code quality grading**

1.  Download `Collate-TUI.jar` from the [Collate Tool project](https://github.com/se-edu/collate).
2.  Mark your code with a `//@@author matric-number`. Note the double `@`. The comment syntax may vary based on file type e.g. for markdown, fxml, html
    ```
    <!-- @@author matric-number -->
    ```

    Here is a sample code file:
    ```
    //@@author A0909865T
    method 1 ...
    method 2 ...
    //@@author A0702345U
    method 3 ...
    //@@author A0909865X
    method 4 ...
    ```
3.  The `//@@author` tag should appear only at the beginning of the code a person wrote. The code up to the next `//@@author` tag or the end of the file (whichever comes first) will be considered as was written by that author.  
    However, you may put an empty `//@@author` (i.e. no matric number) to indicate the end of the code segment you wrote, if you don't know who wrote the code segment below yours. The author of that code segment can add the matric number to the empty tag later.
4.  If a method was written by more than one person, the `//@@author` tag should indicate the person who wrote most of that method. i.e., `//@@author` tag should not appear inside a method.  
    If some part of the code was done collectively, you should still divide it up to reflect the amount of work each person contributed. For example, if 3 people wrote 150 lines of code and put in equal effort in doing so, you can divide the methods among yourselves roughly 50 lines to each person. Once a code segment is allocated to one person, that person is responsible (and will be graded for) the quality of that code. If parts of that code was written by someone else and those parts are not of high quality, the designated author should refactor the code to make it high quality.  
    Tip: GitHub has a 'blame' feature and a 'history' feature that can help you determine who wrote a piece of code.
5.  Do not put the `//@@author` inside java header comments as only the content below that tag will be collated.
    
    ```
    /**
      * Returns true if ...
      * @@author A0909865T
      */
    ```
    ```
    //@@author A0909865T
    /**
      * Returns true if ...
      */
    ```
6.  If you wrote a significant amount of code that was not used in the final product,
    *   Create a folder called `{project root}/unused`
    *   Move unused files to that folder (those files should contain unused code only)
    *   use `//@@author matric-number` to mark unused code in those files.
    
    e.g.
    ```
    //@@author A0909865T-unused
    method 1 ...
    method 2 ...
    ```
    
    Please put a comment in the code to explain why it was not used. 
    
7.  The `//@@author` tag should be used to mark *all* code/test you claim credit for. There is no need to mark documentation files.  
    You will be penalized if you try to boost the length of your collated files using unethical means such as duplicating the same code in multiple places. In particular, do not copy-paste test cases to create redundant tests. Even repetitive code blocks within test methods should be extracted out as utility methods to reduce code duplication.  
    Individual members are responsible for making sure their own collated files contain the correct content.  
    If you notice a team member claiming credit for code that he/she did not write, you can email us (after the final submission) to let us know.

    *   **INCLUDE**: everything that required significant ‘writing’ effort. e.g. comments, test code, styling (e.g. css), xml, even test data files. But do not include chunks of text that were trivially copy pasted e.g. a test data file with 1000 tasks that was used to test performance.
    *   **Code you reused** from elsewhere: Mark such code as `//@@author matric-number-reused`
    
        e.g.
    
        ```
        //@@author A0909865T-reused
        method 1 ...
        method 2 ...
        ```
    *   **EXCLUDE** code generated by the IDE/framework. You may also mark such code `//@@author generated`

        e.g.       

        ```
        //@@author generated
        method 1 ...
        method 2 ...
        ```
    
17.  You need to put the,   
        * collated functional code in `collated/main` folder,
        * collated test code in `collated/test` folder, and
        * collated unused code in `collated/unused` folder
        
        Given below are DOS sample commands you can put in a batch file and run it to collate the code.

        ```
        java -jar Collate-TUI.jar collate from src/main to collated/main include java, fxml, css
        
        java -jar Collate-TUI.jar collate from src/test to collated/test include java
        
        java -jar Collate-TUI.jar collate from unused to collated/unused include java, fxml, css
        ```

        The output should be something like the structure given below.

        ```
        collated/
            main/
                A000000.md
                A111111.md
                A222222.md
                A222222reused.md
            test/
                A000000.md
                A111111.md
                A222222.md
            unused/
                A000000.md
        ```

**Submission**: Push the code (==including the `collated` folder== and files created above) to GitHub and tag as `V0.4`.

**Grading**: To pass this checkpoint, your product should satisfy the description given above and the code should be collated properly.

### V0.4 Documentation

Recommended to update the documentation to match the product, at least w.r.t. major changes since previous version.  
==Update the AboutUs.md page== to reflect [this sample](https://github.com/nus-cs2103/website/blob/master/contents/AboutUs.md). Use the appropriate hyperlinks (as given in the sample) to substantiate your claimed contribution.  
Note: AboutUs.md page is used for module admin purposes. You are advised to follow the format closely to avoid penalties. E.g. those you don't have a suitable photo in that page will be penalized.

**Submission**: Must be included in the version tagged `V0.4`.

**Grading**: Not graded.  

### V0.4 Demo

**Submission**: To be done during the tutorial, but note the following:

*   Duration: 10 minutes (max)
*   It ==should be a 'well prepared' demo==. You should know in advance exactly what you'll do in the demo.
*   It should be a full demo: Cover all features you have, not just features you added recently.
*   It is a 'sitting down' demo: As before, you'll be demonstrating the features using the TV while sitting down.
*   Tutor will not interrupt you during the demo. That means you should finish within the given time.
*   It should be done by 2 members (i.e. one person do the first half, the other do the 2nd half).  
    If you are not taking part in this demo, you must take part in V0.5 demo.  
    One or more persons can do the typing for the whole demo. Speaking should be done by the two designated to do the demo.
*   The app should be populated with a significant amount of realistic data at the start. e.g data going back to at least two weeks and up to two weeks in future, about 50 items in total.

**Grading**: Similar to V0.3

